README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

[![Linkedin: Duane King](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Duane%20King-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/duaneking/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/duaneking/)
[![Twitter: Duane King](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/honestduane?style=social)](https://twitter.com/honestduane)

<a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats#github-stats-card">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=duaneking&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats#top-languages-card">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=duaneking&theme=tokyonight&layout=compact&hide=XML,CSS,Svelte,rich%20text%20format&langs_count=8" />
</a>

### A few things about me

- 🔭 I’m FULLY REMOTE from Seattle, WA (PST). 🚀
- 🌱 I’m a daily learner, who tries to learn something new every day. Also Trying to get more sleep. 😴 
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ways to make the world better, while also looking for ways to share in the success I create for others.
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with learning to be a better human, engineer, and friend.  I want more friends.
- 💬 Ask me about my desire to stay out of consulting and contracting permanently.
- 📫 How to reach me? Probably [twitter](https://twitter.com/intent/follow?original_referer=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.github.com%2F&ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&region=follow_link&screen_name=honestduane&tw_p=followbutton)
- 😄 Pronouns: he/him/sir/lead/staff/principle
- ⚡ Fun fact: Most programming languages use the same patterns to define their internals.

## tldr;
- I'm a long term software craftsman with T-shaped experience who's still passionate about expanding my skills as a strong team player and effective communicator.

## Skills

- Distributed Systems
- Rest/GraphQL and Web API Architecture
- Language Agnostic Full Stack, Any Platform, Principle Software Developer.
  - C#, Python, Java, GoLang, Rust, and C are all interesting to me.
  - I started with hardware pin-outs and worked my way up the stack to write web microservices that scale to web scale.
  - JavaScript on NodeJS is generally not my first choice, but it has its uses when you need to re-live the glory days of 1990's PHP.
- Open-minded, but prefers PostgreSQL or MySQL when the requirements say we need an ACID Compliant DB as these are battle tested and I trust them.
- Agile, Test Driven Development (TDD), Behavior-Driven Development (BDD), Domain Driven Design (DDD), all tools in a toolbox, and like most craftsmen I know of a lot of tools.  The secret is to not use a screwdriver to hammer a nail, but if you hammer the screwdriver you can carve wood. I maintain both my tools and my skills with them.
- Very Interested in Accessability/a11y and wants to find a more formal way to support that.
  - We live in a broken world when it costs nearly $16,000 to buy an 80 character braille screen reader.
  - How would you use your companies main product while wearing a full blindfold?
  - How would you use your companies main product while wearing full ear plugs?
  - It is my firm belief that if you do not support a11y, then you are either ignorant of its value to you and not just the disabled, or you are evil.
- Business Optimization and Business Process Optimization Consulting.
  - Most people don't understand tech. I do understand tech, and for that reason I have an interest in growing tech companies.
- I'm good at changing my mind based on the available data, and that does not seem to be a skill everybody seems to have.

# For Hiring Managers
* I'm 100% remote and do not look at or consider roles that require travel or commute to an office.
  - I have others to think about.  I also found a peace and personal productivity level that I never want to lose.  I'm a better member of your team as 100% WFH.
  - A car is an expense and use of time I only use for work. I would like to target work I can do that will eventually allow me to live a "car free" life. 
  - The hours spent commuting are wasted when I could be living, and instead write better code because I'm saving that time and energy and mental resources.

# For Cyptographers
* The words "plumless" and "buckeroo" both have the same crc32 hash of 0x4ddb0c25 and will thus create a hash collision.
* Please do not contact me about your electronic currency, web3, or blockchain startup. I actively avoid any request that I apply to such roles.
  - I'm sick of people not understanding what hash collisions are.
  - I'm sick of people running scams and abusing others due to the high technical bar required to understand that its a scam.
  - Web3 is a scam. Any system that doesn't allow good actors to make things right is a trap. http://concerned.tech
  - NFT's are a scam. It doesn't matter who owns "your" NFT if the hosting provider doesn't want the monthly expense of hosting it. And you can't change the location it's hosted at on the blockchain, so there is no way to get out of that hosting scam/trap. They will delete it as soon as its no longer profitable for them to host it, as has already happened to many: https://www.theverge.com/2021/3/25/22349242/nft-metadata-explained-art-crypto-urls-links-ipfs

# For Recruiters
Dear Recruiter,
  Thank you for your interest in my skills and services.  I'm a purple squirrel who lives in [Washington](https://coderforgood.github.io/usa/Washington.html) so I have a high bar for the recruiters that contact me.
  - Since the start of the year, my state has very strict compliance rules that make it impossible to interact with non domestic recruiters and stay in compliance; I do not talk to non-domestic recruiters due to these compliance rules in my state. My government has stated that I can't trust any recruiter that doesn't follow these labor laws. And so I'm forced to assume that the recruiter attempting to not follow them is a criminal acting as a possible threat actor.
  - I'm not interested in a commute or going to an office. Do not ask me to commute or travel.
  - I'm not interested in relocation of any kind.  Do not ask me to relocate.
  - I'm not interested in working non-PST/PDT hours.  Do not ask me to time-shift or work non-PST/PDT hours.
  - Remember, you are the one reaching out to me.  You should be kind, respectful, professional, and honest. Otherwise, I will refuse to work with you.

Commit message:

Hopefully stop recruiters from bothering me

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋

[![Linkedin: Duane King](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Duane%20King-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/duaneking/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/duaneking/)
[![Twitter: Duane King](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/honestduane?style=social)](https://twitter.com/honestduane)

<a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats#github-stats-card">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=duaneking&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats#top-languages-card">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=duaneking&theme=tokyonight&layout=compact&hide=XML,CSS,Svelte,rich%20text%20format&langs_count=8" />
</a>

### A few things about me

- 🔭 I’m FULLY REMOTE from Seattle, WA (PST). 🚀
- 🌱 I’m a daily learner, who tries to learn something new every day. Also Trying to get more sleep. 😴 
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ways to make the world better, while also looking for ways to share in the success I create for others.
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with learning to be a better human, engineer, and friend.  I want more friends.
- 💬 Ask me about my desire to stay out of consulting and contracting permanently.
- 📫 How to reach me? Probably [twitter](https://twitter.com/intent/follow?original_referer=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.github.com%2F&ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&region=follow_link&screen_name=honestduane&tw_p=followbutton)
- 😄 Pronouns: he/him/sir/lead/staff/principle
- ⚡ Fun fact: Most programming languages use the same patterns to define their internals.

## tldr;
- I'm a long term software craftsman with T-shaped experience who's still passionate about expanding my skills as a strong team player and effective communicator.

## Skills

- Distributed Systems
- Rest/GraphQL and Web API Architecture
- Language Agnostic Full Stack, Any Platform, Principle Software Developer.
  - C#, Python, Java, GoLang, Rust, and C are all interesting to me.
  - I started with hardware pin-outs and worked my way up the stack to write web microservices that scale to web scale.
  - JavaScript on NodeJS is generally not my first choice, but it has its uses when you need to re-live the glory days of 1990's PHP.
- Open-minded, but prefers PostgreSQL or MySQL when the requirements say we need an ACID Compliant DB as these are battle tested and I trust them.
- Agile, Test Driven Development (TDD), Behavior-Driven Development (BDD), Domain Driven Design (DDD), all tools in a toolbox, and like most craftsmen I know of a lot of tools.  The secret is to not use a screwdriver to hammer a nail, but if you hammer the screwdriver you can carve wood. I maintain both my tools and my skills with them.
- Very Interested in Accessability/a11y and wants to find a more formal way to support that.
  - We live in a broken world when it costs nearly $16,000 to buy an 80 character braille screen reader.
  - How would you use your companies main product while wearing a full blindfold?
  - How would you use your companies main product while wearing full ear plugs?
  - It is my firm belief that if you do not support a11y, then you are either ignorant of its value to you and not just the disabled, or you are evil.
- Business Optimization and Business Process Optimization Consulting.
  - Most people don't understand tech. I do understand tech, and for that reason I have an interest in growing tech companies.
- I'm good at changing my mind based on the available data, and that does not seem to be a skill everybody seems to have.

# For Hiring Managers - No, I'm not on the market, but thanks for the interest.
* I'm 100% remote in my current role and would never even consider other roles that require travel or commute to an office.
  - I have others to think about.  I also found a peace and personal productivity level that I never want to lose.  I'm a better member of my team as 100% WFH.
  - A car is an expense and use of time I only used for work. My current goal is to live a "car free" life. 
  - The hours spent commuting are wasted when I could be living, and instead write better code because I'm saving that time and energy and mental resources.

# For Cyptographers
* The words "plumless" and "buckeroo" both have the same crc32 hash of 0x4ddb0c25 and will thus create a hash collision.
* Please do not contact me about your electronic currency, web3, or blockchain startup. I actively avoid any request that I apply to such roles.
  - I'm sick of people not understanding what hash collisions are.
  - I'm sick of people running scams and abusing others due to the high technical bar required to understand that its a scam.
  - Web3 is a scam. Any system that doesn't allow good actors to make things right is a trap. http://concerned.tech
  - NFT's are a scam. It doesn't matter who owns "your" NFT if the hosting provider doesn't want the monthly expense of hosting it. And you can't change the location it's hosted at on the blockchain, so there is no way to get out of that hosting scam/trap. They will delete it as soon as its no longer profitable for them to host it, as has already happened to many: https://www.theverge.com/2021/3/25/22349242/nft-metadata-explained-art-crypto-urls-links-ipfs

# For Recruiters - I'm not on the market. For my personal securty, I do not reply to recruiters based outside of the USA.
Dear Recruiter,
  Thank you for your interest in my skills and services.  I'm a purple squirrel who lives in [Washington](https://coderforgood.github.io/usa/Washington.html) so I have a high bar for the recruiters that contact me, but I'm not available.
  - Since the start of the year, my state has very strict compliance rules that make it impossible to interact with non domestic recruiters and stay in compliance; I do not talk to non-domestic recruiters due to these compliance rules in my state. My government has stated that I can't trust any recruiter that doesn't follow these labor laws. And so I'm forced to assume that the recruiter attempting to not follow them is a criminal acting as a possible threat.
  - I'm currently 100% work from home in my job. I'm not interested in a commute or going to an office. Do not ask me to commute or travel.
  - I'm happy working out of my home office in Seattle. I'm not interested in relocation of any kind.  Do not ask me to relocate.
  - I'm not interested in working non-PST/PDT hours.  Anybody who contacts me and asks me to do so is a bully who is intentionally abusing people.
  - Remember, you are the one reaching out to me.  You should be kind, respectful, professional, and honest. Otherwise, you will be treated as a threat.
